Add KIC license page (#1249)
Kong/developer.konghq.com: app/kubernetes-ingress-controller/license.md

---
title: "Apply an Enterprise License"

description: |
  Learn how to apply a {{ site.base_gateway }} enterprise license using the `KongLicense` CRD or Kubernetes secrets

content_type: reference
layout: reference

products:
  - kic

works_on:
  - on-prem
  - konnect
---

> {{ site.kic_product_name }} can manage {{ site.base_gateway }} instances. This page explains how to apply an enterprise license to {{ site.base_gateway }}.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This page explains how to apply an enterprise license to {{ site.kic_product_name }} managed {{ site.base_gateway }} instances.
```
Does this make sense?

   ```bash
   echo "
   apiVersion: configuration.konghq.com/v1alpha1
   kind: KongLicense
   metadata:
     name: kong-license
   rawLicenseString: '$(cat ./license.json)'
   " | kubectl apply -f -
   ```

1. Verify that {{ site.kic_product_name }} is using the license:

   ```bash
   kubectl describe konglicense kong-license
   ```

   The results should look like this, including the `Programmed` condition with `True` status:

   ```text
   Name:         kong-license
   Namespace:
   Labels:       <none>
   Annotations:  <none>
   API Version:  configuration.konghq.com/v1alpha1
   Enabled:      true
   Kind:         KongLicense
   Metadata:
    Creation Timestamp:  2024-02-06T15:37:58Z
    Generation:          1
    Resource Version:    2888
   Raw License String:   <your-license-string>   
   Status:
    Controllers:
     Conditions:
      Last Transition Time:  2024-02-06T15:37:58Z
      Message:
      Reason:                PickedAsLatest
      Status:                True
      Type:                  Programmed
     Controller Name:        konghq.com/kong-ingress-controller/5b374a9e.konghq.com
   ```

> All {{ site.base_gateway }} instances that are configured by the {{ site.kic_product_name }} will have the license provided in `KongLicense` applied. To update your license, update the `KongLicense` resource and {{ site.kic_product_name }} will dynamically propagate it to all {{site.base_gateway}} instances with no downtime. There is no need to restart your Pods when updating a license.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All {{ site.base_gateway }} instances that are configured by the {{ site.kic_product_name }} will have the license provided in `KongLicense` applied to them.
To update your license, update the `KongLicense` resource and {{ site.kic_product_name }} will dynamically propagate across all {{site.base_gateway}} instances with no downtime.
There is no need to restart your Pods when updating a license.
```
